Update this sample to use the new Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus package (#6)
Azure-Samples/app-service-msi-servicebus-dotnet: README.md

## Step 3: Clone the repo 
Clone the repo to your development machine. 

The project has two relevant Nuget packages:

> 1. Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication - makes it easy to fetch access tokens for Service-to-Azure-Service authentication scenarios. 

Reviewer: The equivalent package would be Azure.Identity

Reviewer: May as well add back the second line and include `Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus` instead.

> For the Service Bus client library to interact with a queue or topic, it will need to understand how to connect and authorize with it.  The easiest means for doing so is to use a connection string, which is created automatically when creating a Service Bus namespace.  If you aren't familiar with shared access policies in Azure, you may wish to follow the step-by-step guide to [get a Service Bus connection string](https://docs.microsoft.com/azure/service-bus-messaging/service-bus-quickstart-topics-subscriptions-portal#get-the-connection-string).

Reviewer: I think we want to use managed identity for this sample as opposed to connection string. The way to construct the client is shown here - https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/servicebus/Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus#authenticating-with-azureidentity

Shared access policies in queue is important too.

> To create a shared access policies in queue:

Reviewer: This can be removed since we are not using shared access policy here.

## Step 3: Clone the repo 
Clone the repo to your development machine. 

The project has a relevant Nuget package:
1. Azure.Identity - makes it easy to fetch access tokens for Service-to-Azure-Service authentication scenarios.

```C# Snippet:ServiceBusAuthConnString
// Create a ServiceBusClient that will authenticate using MSI.
string nameSpace = "<service_bus_namespace>";
ServiceBusClient client = new ServiceBusClient(nameSpace, new DefaultAzureCredential());
```

Message sending is performed using the `ServiceBusSender`. Receiving is performed using the `ServiceBusProcessor`.

```csharp    
string nameSpace = Config.Namespace;
string queueName = Config.Queue;
ServiceBusClient client = new ServiceBusClient(nameSpace, new DefaultAzureCredential());

// create the sender
ServiceBusSender sender = client.CreateSender(queueName);

// create a message that we can send.
ServiceBusMessage[] messages = new ServiceBusMessage[] {
    new ServiceBusMessage(messageInfo.MessageToSend)
};

// send the message

> await sender.SendMessageAsync(messages);

Reviewer: Does this compile? SendMessageAsync expects a single ServiceBusMessage, not an array.

Reviewer: Ah I see this is code that is hand-written into the md file. We should update to not use an array since we are only sending a single message.

// create a processor that we can use to receive the message
ServiceBusProcessor processor = client.CreateProcessor(queueName, options);

processor.ProcessMessageAsync += MessageHandler;
async Task MessageHandler(ProcessMessageEventArgs args)
{
    string body = args.Message.Body.ToString();
    Console.WriteLine(body);
    _receivedMessages.Add(body);

    // we can evaluate application logic and use that to determine how to settle the message.
    await args.CompleteMessageAsync(args.Message);
}

```

## Step 4: Update the Service Bus Namespace and Service Bus Queue names
In the Web.config file, change the Service Bus Namespace and Queue to the ones you just created. Replace **ServiceBusNamespace** with the name of your Service Bus Namespace and **ServiceBusQueue** with the name of your Service Bus Queue.

## Step 5: Run the application on your local development machine

> When running your sample, it will need to understand how to connect and authorize with it. The easiest means for doing so is to use a connection string, which is created automatically when creating a Service Bus namespace. For local development, the ManagedServiceIdentityTokenProvider will use **Visual Studio**, **Azure CLI**, or **Active Directory Integrated Authentication** to authenticate to Azure AD to get a token. That token will be used to both send and receive data from your Service Bus Queue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When running your sample, the previously-configured ServiceBusClient will use the DefaultAzureCredential, which uses the developer's security context to get a token to authenticate to Service Bus. This removes the need to create a Service Bus shared access key and share it with the development team. It also prevents credentials from being checked in to source code. For local development, the DefaultAzureCredential will use **Visual Studio**, **Azure CLI**, or **Active Directory Integrated Authentication** to authenticate to Azure AD to get a token. That token will be used to both send and receive data from your Service Bus Queue.
```

Clone the repo to your development machine. 

The project has two relevant Nuget packages:
1. Azure.Identity - makes it easy to fetch access tokens for Service-to-Azure-Service authentication scenarios.
2. Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus - contains methods for interacting with Service Bus. 

The relevant code is in WebAppServiceBus/WebAppServiceBus/Controllers/HomeController.cs file. In the constructor for HomeController, a ServiceBusClient instance is created using the DefaultAzureCredential. A ServiceBusProcessor is started to start receiving messages from our queue. When the **Send** method is invoked, a message is sent to the queue. When the **Receive** method is invoked, a summary of the messages that have been received is displayed on the web page.

## Step 4: Update the Service Bus Namespace and Service Bus Queue names
In the Web.config file, change the Service Bus Namespace and Queue to the ones you just created. Replace **ServiceBusNamespace** with the name of your Service Bus Namespace and **ServiceBusQueue** with the name of your Service Bus Queue.

## Step 5: Run the application on your local development machine

> When running your sample, the previously-configured ServiceBusClient will use the DefaultAzureCredential, which uses the developer's security context to get a token to authenticate to Service Bus. This removes the need to create a Service Bus shared access key and share it with the development team. It also prevents credentials from being checked in to source code. For local development, the DefaultAzureCredential will use **Visual Studio**, **Azure CLI**, or **Active Directory Integrated Authentication** to authenticate to Azure AD to get a token. That token will be used to both send and receive data from your Service Bus Queue.

Reviewer 2: The DefaultAzureCredential has a different order and set of auth providers it tries from AppAuth so this should be reworded to account for that, or at least the last sentence since that list is specific to the track 1 AppAuth. This has the info for defaultazurecredential: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/api/azure.identity.defaultazurecredential?view=azure-dotnet

Reviewer: We already link to the DefaultAzureCredential docs. We can probably just remove that line about local development.

Reviewer 2: Yup my thoughts as well, I just removed in subsequent commit.

Reviewer: Thank you!

Clone the repo to your development machine. 

The project has two relevant Nuget packages:
1. Azure.Identity - makes it easy to fetch access tokens for Service-to-Azure-Service authentication scenarios.
2. Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus - contains methods for interacting with Service Bus. 

> ```C# Snippet:ServiceBusAuthConnString

Reviewer: Please remove this code snippet (lines 53 - 77)

```C# Snippet:ServiceBusAuthConnString
// Create a ServiceBusClient that will authenticate using MSI.
string nameSpace = "<service_bus_namespace>";
ServiceBusClient client = new ServiceBusClient(nameSpace, new DefaultAzureCredential());

// create the sender
string queueName = "<service_bus_queueName>";
ServiceBusSender sender = client.CreateSender(queueName);

> The relevant code is in WebAppServiceBus/WebAppServiceBus/Controllers/HomeController.cs file. The **Send** method will create an instance of a Service Bus QueueClient, configured to use a ManagedServiceIdentityTokenProvider. This TokenProvider's implementation uses the AzureServiceTokenProvider found in the Microsoft.Azure.Services.AppAuthentication library. AzureServiceTokenProvider will follow a set number of different methods, depending on the environment, to get an access token. Please refer to the AppAuthentication library's documentation for [local development authentication](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/service-to-service-authentication#local-development-authentication) to see more detail.

Reviewer: Instead of deleting this whole paragraph, let's change it to:

The relevant code is in WebAppServiceBus/WebAppServiceBus/Controllers/HomeController.cs file. In the constructor for HomeController, a ServiceBusClient instance is created using the DefaultAzureCredential. A ServiceBusProcessor is started to start receiving messages from our queue. When the **Send** method is invoked, a message is sent to the queue. When the **Receive** method is invoked, a summary of the messages that have been received is displayed on the web page.

Author: Updated, check it please.

Reviewer: LGTM!

Clone the repo to your development machine. 

The project has two relevant Nuget packages:
1. Azure.Identity - makes it easy to fetch access tokens for Service-to-Azure-Service authentication scenarios.
2. Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus - contains methods for interacting with Service Bus. 

```C# Snippet:ServiceBusAuthConnString
// Create a ServiceBusClient that will authenticate using MSI.
string nameSpace = "<service_bus_namespace>";
ServiceBusClient client = new ServiceBusClient(nameSpace, new DefaultAzureCredential());
```

The relevant code is in WebAppServiceBus/WebAppServiceBus/Controllers/HomeController.cs file. The constructor will initialize a ServiceBusProcessor that is responsible for processing the messages. The **Send** method will create an instance of a ServiceBusSender, and send a single message.

> ```csharp    

Reviewer: This code snippet can be removed.

Clone the repo to your development machine. 

The project has two relevant Nuget packages:
1. Azure.Identity - makes it easy to fetch access tokens for Service-to-Azure-Service authentication scenarios.
2. Azure.Messaging.ServiceBus - contains methods for interacting with Service Bus. 

```C# Snippet:ServiceBusAuthConnString
// Create a ServiceBusClient that will authenticate using MSI.
string nameSpace = "<service_bus_namespace>";
ServiceBusClient client = new ServiceBusClient(nameSpace, new DefaultAzureCredential());
```

> Message sending is performed using the `ServiceBusSender`. Receiving is performed using the `ServiceBusProcessor`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The relevant code is in WebAppServiceBus/WebAppServiceBus/Controllers/HomeController.cs file. The constructor will initialize a ServiceBusProcessor that is responsible for processing the messages. The **Send** method will create an instance of a ServiceBusSender, and send a single message.
```

```csharp    

> string nameSpace = Config.Namespace;

Reviewer: I think this code can be removed. We point out where the code is in the statement above so there isn't much need to repeat the code snippets in markdown here.

## Step 7: Deploy the Web App to Azure
Use any of the methods outlined on [Deploy your app to Azure App Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service-web/web-sites-deploy) to publish the Web App to Azure. 
After you deploy it, browse to the web app. You should be able to send and receive data on your Service Bus Namespace on the web page as you did when you locally deployed the web app in Step 5. However, different from Step 5, the QueueClient using the ManagedServiceIdentityTokenProvider will use the web app's own Managed Service Identity (MSI) to authenticate to Service Bus instead of your local developer context. This did not require any code changes between local development and being published to Azure.
After you deploy it, browse to the web app. You should be able to send and receive data on your Service Bus Namespace on the web page as you did when you locally deployed the web app in Step 5. 

## Summary
The web app was successfully able to send and receive data on your Service Bus Namespace using your developer account during development, and using MSI when deployed to Azure, without any code change between local development environment and Azure. 

> As a result, you did not have to explicitly create and handle a Service Bus shared access key to authenticate to and call Service Bus. You do not have to worry about renewing the MSI's credentials either, since MSI takes care of that.  

Reviewer: We should add this back.

## Troubleshooting

> Please see the [troubleshooting section](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/service-to-service-authentication#appauthentication-troubleshooting) of the AppAuthentication library documentation for troubleshooting of common issues.

Reviewer: This should probably be added back also.

## Step 7: Deploy the Web App to Azure
Use any of the methods outlined on [Deploy your app to Azure App Service](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/app-service-web/web-sites-deploy) to publish the Web App to Azure. 

> After you deploy it, browse to the web app. You should be able to send and receive data on your Service Bus Namespace on the web page as you did when you locally deployed the web app in Step 5. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After you deploy it, browse to the web app. You should be able to send and receive data on your Service Bus Namespace on the web page as you did when you locally deployed the web app in Step 5. However, different from Step 5, the `ServiceBusClient` using the `DefaultAzureCredential` will use the web app's own Managed Service Identity (MSI) to authenticate to Service Bus instead of your local developer context. This did not require any code changes between local development and being published to Azure.
```

## Summary
The web app was successfully able to send and receive data on your Service Bus Namespace using your developer account during development, and using MSI when deployed to Azure, without any code change between local development environment and Azure. 
As a result, you did not have to explicitly create and handle a Service Bus shared access key to authenticate to and call Service Bus. You do not have to worry about renewing the MSI's credentials either, since MSI takes care of that.  

## Troubleshooting

> Please see the [troubleshooting section](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/key-vault/service-to-service-authentication#appauthentication-troubleshooting) of the AppAuthentication library documentation for troubleshooting of common issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Please see the Azure.Identity [Readme](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/blob/master/sdk/identity/Azure.Identity/README.md) for troubleshooting of common issues.
```
